The destructions of the pyramid
were durchwater of Beathing…
uit 실패…
so that things would turnYou're not讓
so that things would turn
Japan is a conservative country.
At first, Japan had the begins and ends of shadow republic.
but now it has solely sought the benefits of Japanese influence and the enemy's power.
It is not just the principle of world peace and the principle of human participation.
Moreover, if the enemy is defeated, the survival of the country and the will of heaven are in danger,
we will not be able to fight.
The enemy is proud of the prosperity of the country, and is aiming to destroy the world.
We must fight for the sake of the new construction of the Toa Fudo.
At the same time, we must make great efforts to build the country.
We must be sure that the final victory is in Japan.
We must overcome all difficulties and difficulties.
This is the test of the world, which we have been taught by the people of the Toa.
After overcoming this test, we will be able to show our respect to the people of the Toa.